#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass scrbook
\begin_preamble
% enables calculations
\usepackage{calc}

% increases the bottom float placement fraction
\renewcommand{\bottomfraction}{0.5}
\end_preamble
\options intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR10mm,captions=tableheading,titlepage,fleqn
\use_default_options true
\master MasterThesisTemplate.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "lmss" "default"
\font_typewriter "lmtt" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Abstract"
\pdf_author "Your name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 2
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle plain
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Abstract} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
adds table of contents entry
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The core idea of this thesis is to reduce workload of manual inspection
 when the performance analysis of an updated software is required.
 CPU utilization, which is one of the essential factors for evaluating the
 performance, is analyzed.
 The purpose of this work is to apply machine learning techniques that are
 suitable for detecting the state of the CPU utilization, and also any changes
 in the test environment that effects the CPU utilization.
 The detection relies on a Markov switching model to identify structural
 changes, which are assumed to follow an unobserved Markov chain.
 A historical behavior of the data can be described by a first-order autoregress
ion.
 Then, the Markov switching model becomes a Markov switching autoregressive
 model.
 Another approach based on a non-parametric analysis, a distribution-free
 method that requires fewer assumptions, called an E-divisive method is
 purposed.
 This method used hierarchical clustering algorithm to detect multiple change
 point locations in the time series data.
 As the data used in this analysis does not contain any ground truths, the
 evaluation of the methods is analyzed by generating simulated data with
 a known state.
 Also, a comparison between the Markov switching model and the E-divisive
 method are studied based on the simulated data.
 Results show that the former method is preferable because of its efficiency
 and providing a better performance.
 The E-divisive method have a higher rate of missed detections.
 The results from applying the Markov switching autoregressive model to
 the real data are presented with interpretations and discussions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Keywords:
\series default
 Markov switching model, Non-parametric analysis, CPU utilization
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
